<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<title>Hello Strapdown</title>

<xmp theme="united" style="display:none;">
   # Privacy Notice
   This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for the WARUC (Washington State Road Usage Charge) mobile application. This privacy notice applies solely to the data and information collected by this application. It will notify you of the following:
   What personally identifiable information is collected from your through the application, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
   What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
   The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
   How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.

   ## Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
   The WARUC development team and the Washington State Department of Transportation are the shared owners of the information collected from this application. We will have access to or collect information that you give us and is generated from the application and connecting OBD-II vehicle attachment. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.

   We will use your information to track and record your mileage on a per vehicle basis. Additionally, the Washington State Department of Transportation may use the information to create public reports and analysis, to enact or change Washington State Transportation policy. Your information may be shared with other public agencies at the discretion of public officials. We will not share your information with any private parties outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. tax agency request of records.

   Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via mail, or email in the future to notify you of new features, additions to service, or changes to this privacy policy.

   ## Your Access to and Control Over Information
   All data generated from the application is subject to record for a minimum of ten (10) years. After which, the data can be requested to be removed from our records and databases. You can request to change the personally identifiable information you have previously given to us, e.g. request for email change. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address capstone.waruc@gmail.com:
   - See what data we currently have about you, if any.
   - Change/ correct any data we have about you.
   - Have us delete any data about you, given the record is past - ten (10) years old.
   - Express any concern you have about our use of your data.

   ## Security
   We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the application, your data is protected both online and offline.

   Whenever we collect sensitive information (such as trip mileage data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.

   While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted from the application to our databases, we also protect your information offline. Only employees of the organizations mentioned above who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, created a statewide driving analysis) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/ servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. As a user, you should additionally take steps to secure your own device.

   If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via email at capstone.waruc@gmail.com

   ## Registration
   In order to use this application, a user must first complete the registration forms and onboarding process available when launching the application. During user registration, a user is required to give certain information (such as an email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/ services of our application.

   Additionally, there is a vehicle registration and onboarding process available to establish a connection between a user and vehicle. During vehicle registration, a user is required to maintain a Bluetooth connection with the vehicle's OBD-II pairing device, and give an optional nickname to the vehicle after completion. This information is used to track and identify a vehicle for future connections and trip logging.

   ## Tokens
   We use a stored authentication token on this application. A token is a piece of data stored on the device to remember login credentials to allow you to quickly access our application.

   ## Trips
   A vehicle trip is a segment of data that stores the mileage of the vehicle's trip and the date-time of when the trip concluded. We generate these by connecting to the Bluetooth OBD-II device in the vehicle and recording the data that is transmitted while traveling. These trips are written and stored on the device until they are sent to our database. Once sent and written to our database they will be removed from your device and accessible by maintaining or reestablishing a database connection.

</xmp>

<script src="http://strapdownjs.com/v/0.2/strapdown.js"></script>
</html>
